That was the next big film.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Right. Menace Society by the Hughes
brothers, which honestly
>> I might say might be my favorite film of
that genre. Like I liked it better than
Boys in the Hood.
>> Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
>> Me personally.
>> Yeah.
>> Me personally. Great. Great film.
>> Very well put together. And you had that
really cool scene where the white dude,
you know, wants to steal a particular
car, so he goes to the hood and you're
like disrespecting him the whole time.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You know,
>> smacked him in the head as he's walking
by.
>> You know, it's so funny. I I I tell
people
again uh uh uh uh I would say the the
blessing that I have uh uh Mr. Vlad I
was at I did an episode of Rock
and I played Andre Thompson and he
became an infamous drug dealer on the
show and the show kind of that those
episodes you know the show was great and
Mr. Dutton allowed me to be on that show
after my audition and I was Wesley
Snipes had a party.
I don't know how I got invited, but you
had to get a van to this parking lot and
then they take the van and take you to
the party. So, I'm at the party and I'm
just a regular guy at the party. I
wasn't getting too much attent cuz
nobody knew me from house party. So,
this guy walks over, his name was Alonzo
Brown. He said, "Yo, my man." I said,
"What's up, buddy?" HE SAID, "YOU ANDRE
THOMPSON?" I SAID, "YEAH, I played the
character on Rock." He says, "Shit."
Hey, listen, man. Stay right there. So
he called the casting people and said,
"Yo, I'm standing with Andre Thompson
from Rock." They were like, "Okay, who
is that?" He said, "Man, y'all saw the
cat on Rock." He let him come in and
read for Chanty and Menace cuz what
happened was uh Tupac dropped out for
some kind of beef that he had with the
Hughes brothers. Too Short didn't want
to play Chanty. So that's how I got that
audition and I got in the room with the
Hughes brothers and they put me in the
movie. Well, right because Chanty
ended up messing with uh was it Kane's
girl? Kane's girl. So, he end right he
ended up getting pissed.
>> He got beat up really bad,
>> right? And then and then you snitched on
him afterwards.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, they
paid me,
>> right? I know that's part of the script,
you know, and I and I didn't know I
wasn't supposed to play a snitch cuz I
was shopping one time on Melrose and
this girl said, "Wasn't you Charles and
Men?" I said, "Yeah." She said, "Yo,
[__] snitch." I'm like, "Ma'am, it's
a movie. It's a movie." I I don't think
I would have picked it for myself, but I
had a great time. What a what a great
time. And let's give kudos to that white
cat on the porch cuz we were in the
toughest neighborhood in LA. And man, I
said, "Listen, man. We're going to
improv this scene. Just follow me." The
scene was written. I added a little bit
and we got out of there. But I want to
give kudos to everybody out there. And
that and that film, like you said, Mr.
Vlad transcends gender, race,
everything. Everybody I know loved
Menace. It and I think it was just
Menace was really raw, you know. It was
real raw and it was really a and the
film and and the Hughes brothers are
amazing filmmakers.
>> Yeah. Like I said, I interviewed them
originally.
Easy and Ren were supposed to play the
two main characters.
>> Mhm.
>> But they dropped out.
>> Easy E was supposed to be OD Dog.
>> That's right.
Uh, and that didn't work out.
>> MC Rand was supposed to play Awax.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah. A lot of people didn't.
>> I was brokenhearted when we didn't get
him.
>> And then of course, Tupac was supposed
to play the Muslim character,
>> right?
>> And were you in auditions at all with
Tupac in the beginning?
>> No,
>> not auditions, but like reads or
anything?
>> Never. Never met Tupac. I came, you
know, they had a big falling out. I'm
not exactly sure what happened. I've
read some things, but I don't want to
quote anybody. Um, all I know is I was
at the beach party and Alonzo Brown
said, "I'm calling casting." And I went
in and read. And they start laughing.
And next thing you know, I was in Menace
and I was happy as hell cuz I was broke.
And it's not like I made a lot of money.
But I, you know, sometimes when you do a
movie, you don't know if it's going to
become a classic. And it became a cult
classic, you know. And uh, it's just
another blessing I feel. You know, I And
I als I also tell actors, it's about
preparation,
being prepared. I try to stay prepared
no matter what I'm doing. Even when I if
I go to the club and I come home and I
know I have an audition on Sunday, if I
come in Sunday, Saturday night, I study
all day Sunday and get myself ready. So
that's that's what happened. Same with
next Friday. I wasn't getting it. And uh
I did a movie called The Breaks and I'm
standing in a record shop with Cube and
and it I did like it was just me and
Cube and I did it like nine times and he
looked at me like
and I said, "Mr. Mr. Ice Cube, you know,
um, why don't you show me what you're
trying to trying to say? And he took the
gun. And you know, a lot of times
directors don't like to show actors. And
he said, I blow your head smooth off.
And I remember the breaks where I said
something and I start jumping around. So
I took the gun and I said, I blow your
head smooth off. And I start jumping
around. Cube said, "What? What did you
just do?" I said, "I don't know. I
jumped around." He said, "That's it."
And that's how we build on on next
Friday. So, it's my improv skills and
it's just being prepared, you know. But,
yeah, I think it would have been a
different movie with Tupac and all of
that stuff, but it worked out.
>> Well, yeah, I've interviewed both the
Hughes brothers as well as Mo P and
Tyron Turner and people have actually
seen it. I guess what had happened was
>> Pac came in.
>> Number one, he was a little bit late.
So, the Hughes brother was a little
annoyed about that.
>> Right. Right. And I guess he wanted to
change the script because he felt he
wanted more of a backstory for his
character.
>> And that caused a whole argument because
at that point the script was locked. So
that caused, you know, a big back and
forth. And the Pac was like, "Fuck this
movie. I quit."
>> Tupac had a problem.
>> He started having a problem. He didn't
initially have a problem, but then it
became, "Hey, if I'm going to play this
nonviolent character, you have to you
guys have to show how I got there."
Yeah. And that was that.
>> There you go. And and then I play
Chanty. And And uh um I think I think
you know this business is it's it's an
intricate business.
And when you create something,
you have a vision.
And I think for the Hughes brothers who
as we seen their vision, it's an amazing
vision. And it just wasn't meant to be.
I I wasn't there. I can't speak on it. I
wasn't there. I'm just um
grateful for the opportunity.